Install the .pcm files (#133)
GenFit/GenFit: CMakeLists.txt

> # install destinations can be passed via the command line:
> # cmake -DLIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY:PATH=.... -DINCLUDE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY:PATH=....
> # otherwise, set default install destinations

Author: ```suggestion
# install destinations can be passed via the command line:
# cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR:PATH=.... -DINCLUDE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY:PATH=....
# otherwise, set default install destinations
```
